Integrate Azure Defender with Cluster API as an Azure Arc Connected Cluster using Kubernetes extensions (#534)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/cluster_api/capi_azure/_index.md

* In the your directory of the cloned Jumpstart repository, navigate to where the [*arc_capi_azure*](https://github.com/microsoft/azure_arc/blob/main/azure_arc_k8s_jumpstart/cluster_api/capi_azure/arc_capi_azure.sh) bash script is located.

>   The script will transform the kind Kubernetes cluster to management cluster with the Azure Cluster API provisioner components that are needed to work later on with extensions like Azure Defender. It will then deploy the workload cluster and it's Azure resources based on the environment variables you will edit in the next bullet. Once the deployment is completed, the cluster will be onboard as an Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster and install the Azure Defender extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The script will transform the kind Kubernetes cluster to a CAPI management cluster with the Azure Cluster API provisioned (CAPZ) components that are needed. It will then deploy the workload cluster and it's Azure resources based on the environment variables as described in the next bullet. Upon deployment completion, the cluster will be onboard as an Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer: Why are mentioning Defender in the bootstrap scenario?

Author: I just added to explain why the changes in the config and not use the standard settings.

* Edit the environment variables to match your Azure subscription and SPN details created in the prerequisites section in this guide as well as the required workload cluster details.

>   * *KUBERNETES_VERSION*="Kubernetes version. For example: 1.18.14"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * *KUBERNETES_VERSION*="Kubernetes version. For example: 1.18.17"
```
